Update the RFC 1015 (#84)
edgedb/rfcs: text/1015-full-text-search.rst

Typesense does not appear to have any language-specific index settings.

We define some built-in enums to denote available languages. The most general
is ``fts::Language`` and it is listing languages that are supported across

> backends. There are also backend-specific enumssuch as ``fts::PGLanguage`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
backends. There are also backend-specific enums such as ``fts::PGLanguage`` and
```
